I had my assistant investigate your background.
He told me everything I need to know.
Well, in that case, you probably know how selfish of me it was to hurt him that way.
Why are you pushing us to get married?
I may be old, but I'm not senile.
You're an ice girl.
How could you be vain?
There must have been a misunderstanding between you two.
Bruce never did get over you.
If you still have him in your heart, you can heal the past.
I caused him so much pain.
He would have been better without me.
You're being too hard on yourself.
This is?
This is a painting you did before graduating.
It was supposed to be a graduation gift.
This is a studio.
He sits here alone some nights until the sun comes up.
Bruce never lets anyone touch this.
He stares at it obsessively.
Miss him accomplished.
This is my dream house.
Really, it's a little bit...
It's nice, and it has good taste.
But it is a little bit pink, is it not?
I mean, can you imagine if people were seeing me walk out of this house?
Yep, I said it's your house.
It's my dream house.
What if we get married?
Who said we're going to get married?
If we get married, I'll take care of you.
You remembered after all this time?
He says he hates you, but as you can see, he can't bear to throw your stuff away.
My life is such a mess.
I don't deserve it.
We deserve each other.
Make a mess while you still can.
Why are you crying?
Because you're a fool.
What looks like we're fools together?
Why didn't you tell me about everything?
I'm like your mother's accident, your financial troubles.
You go into jail.
You know all that?
I know about everything, and I know how hard these past couple years have been for you,
and I'm a fool to have hated you.
These are my problems, not yours.
My feelings have laid bare into every piece,
and you can honestly say that I have nothing to do with.
I want you to live a happy life.
You deserve something better than me.
You.
Oh my happiness.
I'm just thinking if this is all just a dream,
and if it will still be there in the morning when I wake up.
It's not a dream.
I'm here.
All Jade is back.
And she is here to stay.
You should take that.
Hello?
Yeah, that's perfect.
Okay, I'll be right there.
So, what do you think?
You remembered.
Of course I did.
Every detail.
I saw you there.
You totally warned thinking.
I'm going to custom make it for her one day.
Thank you for remembering.
No.
Go try it on.
Okay.
Mr. Bruce, there's something else I'm looking for you.
They said it's urgent about your fiance.
Okay.
Yeah, this way.
There.
Just here.
Well, what kind of person was he?
He was your height.
Well dressed.
I'm just wearing a hat and a mask so I can see his face clearly.
Hello, Jade.
Ah!
She's my mother.
Nothing.
She's in the safe place.
Hello.
What do you want from me?
I want you to follow me.
And if you do, everything's going to be okay.
Dexter!
Stop this!
Jade!
Quick, get everyone out and follow that car.
Let's go.
This is all I'm feeling so close tonight.
And when it does, you and I are going to be together forever.
Hello, me to this.
You drove me to this.
Please, please, let go of me.
Let's have a conversation, please.
I have been by your side for five years.
Why do you love him and not me?
You do to get your attention.
I appreciate you so much.
But love doesn't work that way, Dexter.
I don't know.
I'm tired of hoping for you to love him.
That's why I wrote my own ending.
Our own ending.
Are you okay?
Yes.
You just don't know him to give up, do you?
Watch out!
Go to hell.
It's fine.
Only awake?
I'm so sorry.
We're going to protect you.
I'm just silly, child.
You're confessing.
You're not dead.
We are both alive.
Well, I wish it were a dream.
I wake up in a hospital with you lying in a bed next to me.
Do you have any idea how worried I have been?
I'm so sorry.
Don't you apologize, sweetheart.
This is my fault.
I left you alone to suffer for years.
But this surgery, how did you?
I was Bruce.
He learned about ways, and he arranged for the best medical team to perform the procedure.
With his help, I got better.
And I escaped Dexter's influence.
Bruce.
Oh, God.
Where's Bruce?
Bruce was his life to push you out of the warehouse.
He is seriously injured.
Dexter died.
And Bruce has been in a coma for three days now.
Please wake up.
We have a wedding to plan.
You promised me a wedding.
Jade, you've only just woken up.
Rest for a while.
I'll stay.
I want to stay with him.
Please let me stay.
I'm so sorry I avoided feeling surreal.
I thought leaving humans were going to be happy.
I promise you, if you wake up, I'll never, ever, ever let go of your hand.
Bruce.
Hey.
Let's get married.
Bruce Morgan, do you take Jade Spencer to be your lawfully wedded wife until death due part?
I do.
You may now exchange your rings and the vows.
Jade, I always thought avoiding my pain would make me forget.
But I realized that all I truly wanted was to love you.
And I vow to always stand by your side and to never let go of your hand.
I love you.
Bruce.
I underestimated your love for me.
I underestimated my own words.
I love you.
And I vow to always hold your hand and never let go.
You may now kiss the bride.